chore: improve upgrade guide (#3294)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: V3-Upgrade-Guide.md

Running your tests or deploying your application might fail at this point in time if you need to adapt to any breaking changes.
We recommend updating your applications in one commit or pull request and making sure everything still works using your existing test suite.

### Important Dependency Updates <!-- omit from toc -->

The [axios HTTP client](https://github.com/axios/axios) has been updated from version 0.27 to 1.2.

## Update to Node 18 or Newer

All SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript libraries now support node 18 (LTS) as the **minimum** node version.

> If you are using a node version older than 18, update your runtime environment to a newer version.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using a node version older than 18, update your runtime environment to a newer version.
On Cloud Foundry you can do this by [setting the node engine in your `package.json`](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/node/index.html#runtime).
```

> Note, that the transpilation target of the SDK changed from `es2019` to `es2021`.

Author: Done.

## Replace Removed Functionality

> Most of the removed functionality had been deprecated in version 2, so ideally they are not used anymore.

Reviewer: [pp] The `so ideally they are not used anymore` sounds strange to me. Perhaps be more bold and say something like  "the deprecated things have been removed."

Author: I also stumbled upon that. I just removed that part of the sentence. Is it better?

The following sub-sections describe affected modules, functions and interfaces with instructions on how to replace them.

### Package `@sap-cloud-sdk/http-client` <!-- omit from toc -->

- The `executeHttpRequest()` function overload, that accepted `HttpRequestConfigWithOrigin` as a parameter, is removed. Use `executeHttpRequestWithOrigin()` instead.

### Package `@sap-cloud-sdk/util` <!-- omit from toc -->

- The field `logger` on the interface `LoggerOptions` was not used and is removed from the interface. There is no replacement.
- The function `variadicArgumentToArray` is replaced by the function `transformVariadicArgumentToArray`.

### Package `@sap-cloud-sdk/connectivity` <!-- omit from toc -->

> - The generic type of `JwtKeyMapping` was improved, so that the second type argument `JwtKeysT` extends string.

Reviewer 2: nit: is this really 'improved'? I chose 'simplified' because we narrowed the type which imo is simpler, not sure if it's "better".

Author: Haha, I changed it because narrowing in my opinion makes it more correct, but more restricted, thus less simple. How about:

```suggestion
- The generic type parameter `JwtKeysT` in `JwtKeyMapping` is now narrowed to extend `string`.
```

Alternative, this does not seem like something that is required in an upgrade guide. Maybe we should leave this out.

Reviewer 2: Don't know, I've put it here because it is a breaking change. I'm okay with your suggestion, I guess 'simple' can have different meaning in that case (which is, ironically, not that simple to communicate) :)

Running your tests or deploying your application might fail at this point in time if you need to adapt to any breaking changes.
We recommend updating your applications in one commit or pull request and making sure everything still works using your existing test suite.

### Important Dependency Updates <!-- omit from toc -->

The [axios HTTP client](https://github.com/axios/axios) has been updated from version 0.27 to 1.2.

## Update to Node 18 or Newer

All SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript libraries now support node 18 (LTS) as the **minimum** node version.
If you are using a node version older than 18, update your runtime environment to a newer version.
On Cloud Foundry you can do this by [setting the node engine in your `package.json`](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/node/index.html#runtime).
Note, that the transpilation target of the SDK changed from `es2019` to `es2021`.

## Replace Removed Functionality

> Most of the removed functionality had been deprecated in version 2, so ideally they are not used anymore.

Author: ```suggestion
Most of the removed functionality had been deprecated in version 2.
```

```

New example:

```json
{
  "myCustomField": "myCustomValue"
}
```

- "Content-type" HTTP headers cannot be passed as a string in the constructor of `ODataRequestConfig` anymore. Instead pass an object with "content-type" as a key and the header value as a value, e.g. `{ 'content-type': 'some-value' }` to the constructor.

## Switch to Middlewares for Timeouts

The `timeout()` method was removed from the request builder and the `timeout` option was removed from the `executeHttpRequest()` function.
If you want to set a timeout for a request use the new timeout middleware:

```ts
import { timeout } from '@sap-cloud-sdk/resilience';

executeHttpRequest(myDestination, {
  method: 'get',
  middleware: [timeout()]
});

myRequestBuilder.getAll().middleware([timeout()]).execute(myDestination);
```

> You find a detailed guide on the general [middleware concept](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/js/v3/features/middleware) and the [resilience middlewares](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/js/v3/guides/resilience) in particular on the documentation portal.

Reviewer 2: take care about those `v3` links, if I remember correctly we'll remove that path component once the v3 is released, right?

Author: Yes, we should

Reviewer: hm, @deekshas8 also commented on this - I must have forgotten to change it at all places.

Reviewer 2: > version 3 beeing selected and not the latest version.

yes my understanding is that 'latest' will change once we do the release which will then also change the urls.. but I think we can also keep the v3 url paths.
